three days logged in before I found
twerk sleeping good choice the road frog
or style you go go okay we got this
probably cross the road let me come back
this way okay all right guys I don't
know this map do you guys know this map
oh no this no probably not let's go see
if he goes this way if he goes this way
I'm gonna happen oh okay he's coming
this way
no okay men are you still think I lost
them I think I lost you you guys think
you're slick oh my god
demanda you're such a dick see we saw
you is that over there I had to get the
fuck out of there sleeping you abandoned
me I can't believe you assholes try to
get me caught we'll try to get your car
I was trying to fucking run away oh oh
yes and you don't look both ways look no
you looked both ways and you still just
what it really is point of this door
what's the point of this door I don't
because that's trash man yes if the
garage is closed you look pretty fucking
stupid I have a secret hiding ah how did
you know what's in there you son of a
bitch follow me I have two times luck it
was just luck they don't obey this way
doing here I'm telling you what we're
doing over here we're going in here
Oh God what are you guys doing over
there where'd you go fucking went
through that way where were you going up
the boxes I thought you were right in
here I thought that he fixed we're gonna
be over there
joke's on him though I All Right see you
later virus you're gonna die by that's
made it we got it I swear if I don't get
into mice okay been buddies for life
bitch yeah
oh you poor just give us away no I do he
doesn't know how to give you is now
alright okay we should probably go look
go did you probably go yeah shut the
door shut the door alright your plan
listen I found it I found the ideal
weight you didn't close the fucking door
I did I just did yeah Oh bull gang
buddies for life brah you we're we're my
good buddy oh my god he's part cord all
the way up here talk about this we can
talk we can talk okay talk talk talk
take rose talk I talked all right fuck
you shut you saw this first course
get talk now have a great view of the
wall how long ago was I was I caught
wait wait wait wait wait talk I I guess
so so you keeping Pastor Mike what the
hell are you doing I thought it was a
hider still okay well okay anyway let me
I don't have any more barrels so hey I
was gonna say I know word look I don't
even know pull down his pants hold his
arms down all right listen
turn around turn around listen we've
done enough to him sleeping let's go god
I'm stuck inside Blizzard thirty Seconds
stop flinching up you guys have done now
I don't know where he is maybe maybe I
do and maybe he's returned way too
seriously
when did you tag tomato I don't fucking
know I just like I think he may have
like lick me while I was walking where I
was sneaking past him okay okay lose the
hiders okay let's leave it and play
extreme volleyball okay we can't go any
further that way yeah is what's the door
behind you yeah
this way he's gonna sing scroll that way
yeah well maybe we should keep going
yeah let's keep going
yeah they're in serious let's just keep
on following this huh
we're gonna make distance from him
that's the plan if we make this band
cool obstacles on here
yeah don't tip him over he'll notice
something shady up shit everyone regroup
at this door we're gonna breach once I
couldn't sleep and you die first so yeah
you ready Oh leave it Richard
Bridge is he on here no retreat take it
back take your backs take your six do
what stay down
everyone stay down I heard a door shit
breaches that is seal the door couldn't
open any quicker
all right just stay behind and kill
blizzard I wanna i want to sit lock